Doc: Provide solutions for common problems encountered during signing (#1383)
cargo-bins/cargo-binstall: SIGNING.md

Now when binstall downloads your packages, it will also download the `.sig` file and use the `pubkey` in the Cargo.toml to verify the signature.
If the signature has a trusted comment, it will print it at install time.

> NOTE that `minisign` and `rsign2` uses a password to encrypt the secret key, which makes it harder to
> automate.
> 
> There are a few solutions for this problem:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`minisign` and `rsign2` by default prompt for a password when generating a keypair and signing, which can hinder automation.

You can:
```

 - Pass `-W` to `minisign` or `rsign2` to generate a password-less private key.
   NOTE that you also need to pass this when signing.
 - When signing using `minisign`, it reads from stdin for password so you could use
   shell redirect to pass the password.
 - Use [`expect`] to pass password to `rsign2` (since it reads `/dev/tty` for password):
   For generating private key:
   ```bash
   expect <<EXP
   spawn rsign generate -f -p minisign.pub -s minisign.key
   expect "Password:"
   send -- "$SIGNING_KEY_SECRET\r"
   expect "Password (one more time):"
   send -- "$SIGNING_KEY_SECRET\r"
   expect eof
   EXP
   ```
   For signing:
   ```bash
   expect <<EXP
   spawn rsign sign -s minisign.key -x "$file.sig" -t "$comment" "$file"
   expect "Password:"
   send -- "$SIGNING_KEY_SECRET\r"
   expect eof
   EXP
   ```

> Another common problem is how to generate an ephermeral key and pass it to other workflows.
> `cargo-binstall` has an implementation of [`release.yml`] that you can take note of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For just-in-time or "keyless" schemes, securely generating and passing the ephemeral key to other jobs or workflows presents subtle issues.
`cargo-binstall` has an implementation in [its own release process][`release.yml`] that you can use as example.
```
